Update rate-limiting.md (#7645)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/building_campaigns/rate-limiting.md

### Delivery speed rate limiting

> If you anticipate large campaigns driving a spike in user activity and overloading your servers, you may specify a per-minute rate limit for sending messages - this means Braze will send no more than your select rate-limited setting within a 1 minute time period. While targeting users during campaign creation, you can navigate to Advanced Options to select a rate limit (in various increments from as low as 50 to as high as 500,000 messages per minute). Note that non-rate-limited campaigns may exceed these delivery limits. Be aware, however, that messages will be aborted if they are delayed 72 hours or more due to a low rate limit. The user who created the campaign will receive alerts in the dashboard and via email if the rate limit is too low.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you anticipate large campaigns driving a spike in user activity and overloading your servers, you can specify a per-minute rate limit for sending messages—this means Braze will send no more than your rate-limited setting within a minute. When targeting users during campaign creation, you can navigate to **Advanced Options** to select a rate limit (in various increments from as low as 50 to as high as 500,000 messages per minute). Note that non-rate-limited campaigns may exceed these delivery limits. Be aware, however, that messages will be aborted if they're delayed 72 hours or more due to a low rate limit. The user who created the campaign will receive alerts in the dashboard and via email if the rate limit is too low.
```

![][3]

> For instance, if you are trying to send out 75,000 messages with a 10,000 per minute rate limit, the delivery will be spread out over 8 minutes. Your campaign will deliver no more than 10k for each of the first seven minutes, and 5,000 over the last minute. Note that messages sent using a rate limit won't have the rate limit setting (e.g. 10,000 per minute) evenly sent out over a 60 second period, rather Braze makes sure no-more than 10,000 per minute messages are sent (this could mean a higher percentage of the 10,000 messages are sent within the first half minute vs the last half minute). Be wary of delaying time-sensitive messages, however, with this form of rate limiting. If the segment contains 30 million users but we set the rate limit to 10,000 per minute, a large portion of the user base won't receive the message until the following day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, if you are trying to send out 75,000 messages with a 10,000-per-minute rate limit, the delivery will be spread out over 8 minutes. Your campaign will deliver no more than 10,000 for each of the first seven minutes, and 5,000 over the last minute. Note that messages sent using a rate limit won't have the rate limit setting (such as 10,000 per minute) evenly sent out over 60 seconds. Instead, Braze makes sure no more than 10,000 per minute messages are sent (this could mean a higher percentage of the 10,000 messages are sent within the first half minute vs the last half minute). Be wary of delaying time-sensitive messages with this form of rate limiting. If the segment contains 30 million users but we set the rate limit to 10,000 per minute, a large portion of your user base won't receive the message until the following day.
```
